Update the docs for BYO Prometheus (#1192)
tigera/docs: calico-enterprise/operations/monitor/prometheus/byo-prometheus.mdx

## How to

- [Scrape metrics from specific components](#scrape-all-enabled-metrics)
- [Scrape metrics from specific components](#scrape-metrics-from-specific-components)
- [Verify BYO Prometheus](#verify-byo-prometheus)
- [Create policy to secure traffic between pods](#create-policy-to-secure-traffic-between-pods)

### Scrape all enabled metrics

> {{prodname}} has a feature that will create a service monitor that will scrape all enabled metrics. To enable metrics that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{prodname}} service monitor scrapes all enabled metrics. (To enable metrics that are not enabled by default, or to scrape only specific component metrics, see the [next section](#scrape-metrics-from-specific-components)).
```

are not enabled by default, please consult the [next subchapter](#scrape-metrics-from-specific-components).

> This example illustrates a Prometheus server installed in namespace "external-prometheus" with a `serviceMonitorSelector`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows a Prometheus server installed in namespace "external-prometheus" with a `serviceMonitorSelector` that selects all service monitors with the label `k8s-app=tigera-external-prometheus`.
```

that selects all service monitors with label `k8s-app=tigera-external-prometheus`.

1. Save the following configuration in a file called `monitor.yaml`.

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```yaml
```

    apiVersion: operator.tigera.io/v1
    kind: Monitor
    metadata:
      name: tigera-secure
    spec:
      externalPrometheus:
        namespace: external-prometheus
        serviceMonitor:
          labels:
            k8s-app: tigera-prometheus
    ```
    For a list of all configuration options, see the [Installation API reference](../../../reference/installation/api.mdx).

2. Apply the manifest to your cluster.

    ```bash
    kubectl applf -f monitor.yaml
    ```

3. Verify that the new configuration has been added to your cluster
    ```bash
    export NS=external-prometheus
    kubectl get servicemonitor -n $NS tigera-external-prometheus
    kubectl get serviceaccount -n $NS tigera-external-prometheus
    kubectl get secret -n $NS tigera-external-prometheus
    kubectl get clusterrole tigera-external-prometheus
    kubectl get clusterrolebinding tigera-external-prometheus
    ```

>     That's it. You should be seeing the new metrics show up in your prometheus within one minutes. For more information

Reviewer: ### 
```suggestion
    That's it. You should be seeing the new metrics show up in your Prometheus instance within a minute. For more information on verifying metrics, see the section, [Verify BYO Prometheus](#verify-byo-prometheus).
```
